# Vehicle_Detection_And_Navigation
# Absract
Earlier in the 1990s image content retrieval was done on basis of image color, shapes and texture. Image texture analysis was used to analyze images of varying texture to understand texture segmentation within the same image. This kind of image data content analysis is called texture classification. Texture classification is a method of applying different kind of masking filters to images to understand the way a texture is embedded within an image. Image texture gives us spatial information of colors in an image. Image texture was later being used for object classification as different objects within an image have different texture. Objects within an image can get segmented using different filtering methods. These filtering methods can be approached using edge detection, co-occurrence matrix, laws texture energy measures and or autocorrelation and power spectrum.  

Texture classification is a dual logic method of image segmentation and machine learning for classification. Machine learning is learning algorithm that analyzes a data set and then uses this data to train a model. This model is then used on a set of unknown data set that can be then classified into a number of different classes or clusters such that we can obtain image segmentation.  Machine learning plays a important role in texture classification where the image captured through a camera has various information in it and machine learning can be used to understand different aspects of the image that is captured. There are various different kinds of machine learning algorithms that are used in texture classification such as k means clustering, support vector machines, k nearest neighbors, mixture model classification, etc. Some of these image filtering and classification techniques are discussed in the problem solving assignments below.
